But what if you got the wrong person?
There are so many people who look alike all over the world
Tianci is the heir to my Ye family
He can't have an accident
Young Master, you can't take the risk
Stop talking
I don't draw my sword
You and your father will both die
So many people see me laughing
I don't draw my sword
Mengmeng will have an accident
Look what we do
Do you think we can save Mengmeng?
Dream on.
It's your own flesh and blood after all
I have only one request
If I lose my bones
I only beg you to at least send Mengmeng to the orphanage
Don't let him live on the streets
Oops, why are you listening to him?
If the child is gone, it can be regenerated.
But the opportunity is gone
Then it's really gone, sorry.
I can't do it.
Mom, don't you want me?
Need a chance
I need a chance to soar
Mengmenglai
Mengmeng, today we advance and retreat together
Let's watch dad become a world-renowned hero together
Okay? Okay?
I'm a little security guard and a big hero
There was no choice.
Young Master, we believe in you
Ye Tianci
I have been with you for 5 years
I know your virtues best
Don't worry, if you pull it out, you'll be dead
I suggest you just let it go
He dare not pull it out